Why didn't Auntie introduce me to a few people?
Uh, this is Yang Keyu
The one who was angry with you just now
That man's big brother is not a good thing
The person I look up to the most in the entire Yang family is him
This bureau today?
It's his group
You can order whatever you want to eat
What will the money go up?
The older generation in the family
If you knew what happened today
You will definitely support me in inheriting my mother's family
And this one?
It is Jiang Feiyun of Longdu Jiang's Pharmaceutical Group
My good friend.
A good friend is my good friend
Haha, since it's your kid's good friend.
He is also a good friend of the old man.
Let's all be polite
Just have fun
Yang Heyu
Don't be too complacent
Even if you can get Ouyang Shuo's support
That's also for the sake of Shen Yi
What if that kid Shen Yi died?